Motivation and Mindset: Add image for /stuck diagram (#27556)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/introduction/motivation_and_mindset.md

>   - [Believe you can get better](https://www.ted.com/talks/carol_dweck_the_power_of_believing_that_you_can_improve)

Reviewer: The linter error here is confusing, but it should be fixed if you indent these bullets one more step to the right.

- [Becoming a TOP Success Story](https://dev.to/theodinproject/becoming-a-top-success-story-mindset-3dp2)
- [Managing inspiration and motivation](https://markmanson.net/do-something)
- [Learning to code when it gets dark](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/learning-to-code-when-it-gets-dark-e485edfb58fd#.yjh0fehje)

> - If you find your typing speed is holding you back, you can improve your typing skills by utilizing the [Monkeytype](https://monkeytype.com/) keyword trainer for at least 5 minutes every day.

Author: > ```suggestion
> - If you find your typing speed is holding you back, you can improve your typing skills by utilizing keyword trainers for at least 5 minutes every day. Some excellent options include [Monkeytype](https://monkeytype.com/), [typing.com](https://www.typing.com/), [TypingClub.com](https://www.typingclub.com) and [Monkeytype](https://monkeytype.com/).
> ```
> 
> What about adding all of them inline?

This is a possibility, but one might have to ask why even mention 4 sites for typing speed? The main goal is to represent the idea. Use a typing speed site to improve your typing speed. Here is an example. The learner can research another one if they don't like the current one, but really they're all the same

> - If you find your typing speed is holding you back, you can improve your typing skills by utilizing the [Monkeytype](https://monkeytype.com/) keyword trainer for at least 5 minutes every day.

Reviewer 2: It provides additional base options. Although I am indifferent towards either solution.

> - If you find your typing speed is holding you back, you can improve your typing skills by utilizing the [Monkeytype](https://monkeytype.com/) keyword trainer for at least 5 minutes every day.

Reviewer: I like adding the different options inline, so +1 for cake's idea here.

I like MonkeyType, but some of the other given options are a bit more formal, which might suit certain users' needs better. Like if you don't know touch typing at all, you may want something that's more of a "course" that walks through hand positioning and what fingers to use with each key, etc., and those other sites have that kind of thing going on.

> - If you find your typing speed is holding you back, you can improve your typing skills by utilizing the [Monkeytype](https://monkeytype.com/) keyword trainer for at least 5 minutes every day.

Author: > I like adding the different options inline, so +1 for cake's idea here.
> 
> I like MonkeyType, but some of the other given options are a bit more formal, which might suit certain users' needs better. Like if you don't know touch typing at all, you may want something that's more of a "course" that walks through hand positioning and what fingers to use with each key, etc., and those other sites have that kind of thing going on.

Oh yeah, in that case I definitely agree!
